come to another episode of Erica
Spinoza's hustle 101 what you're looking
at is some of my glass gem corn my grew
this season which is part of today's
lesson spotting trends before they
happen
I saw the picture of this question corn
on reddit about two years ago and then I
instantly searched the message boards
for anybody could get me some of these
seeds I immediately found a guy bought
everything he had and I only had a 4x4
square so I planted what I could I'm you
know size of a pallet to grow on but I
came up with a bunch of corn cobs this
is why I'm going to list this year is my
haul from my glass gem corns it's my
second year growing them last year I did
pretty good
here's some of my invoices from last
year
there's my listing for 300 seeds
I sold these as entire corn cobs because
some people were selling like loose
loose kernels but then you don't know
whether they actually came from there or
not and I think they're more beautiful
staying on the cob some people don't
even want to plant them or you know they
just want to decorate the house with
them I don't know I'm not a fan of them
I like selling them but I'm they sold
better that one sold 230 this one's in
Japan
sold for 30 another cob sold to LA for
Singapore $30 this is sippy another well
that one was one of my first ones and
put out an option and they got a deal
they got it for 550 Montana $20 I'm nice
sold I'd say about 30 cobs
last year for about 20 to $30 son added
me somewhere on $500 profit from the
growing space the size of pallet all
because I saw a trend coming up people
were going to go nuts for these you know
corn cobs and I was right and they paid
off now I'm trying to breed a specific
type I'm trying to plant the baby blue
and pink corner kernels as you can see
my this seasons are going pretty pretty
much in that direction you see a lot of
blues and Pink's a lot of blues and
pinks and sell these and refined some
seeds that are the bluest in the pinkest
neglect and try again next year maybe
we'll come out with something prettier
but yeah take this as a lesson again
spot the trends before they happen you
have to be a hipster before the hipsters
know about it all right remember to
subscribe
I'll have another episode next week and
good luck up there